Hello and welcome to this new tutorial.
So before we start creating the encoding layer and the decoding layer we have to prepare a set of targets.
Why is that.
That's because the decoder will only accept a certain format of the targets.
You know the decoder gets to target and in order for the targets to be accepted into the neural network
of the Dakota which is an LACMA record a new network.
Well the targets need to have a special format.
So first of all what is exactly this format this format is twofold.
First the targets must be in two batches.
The record renewal network of the decoder will not accept single targets that is single answers.
Remember the targets are the answers.
So thats the first important thing of this special structure that we will create in this tutorial.
So the targets must be in two batches.
So for example if I take our sort of clean answers which are the targets Well you know the neural network
will not accept them one by one like that they will only accept them into batches so instead of feeding
them it will that work with single answers we will feed the neural network with batches of for example
10 answers at a time and thats the first important thing we need to understand.
We need to choose a better size and then create batches of size the bedside that we choose and these
batches for example of 10 answers will go into the record renewal network of the doctor.
So we'll have this first one here and then the next one after that containing the 10 next answers.
And thats the first important element of the special format we want to create and then the second important
element is that each of the answers in the batch of Target must start with the S O S tokens.
And as you can see here the answer is start with the first word of the answer that is the first unique
integer encoding the first word of the answer and not the S.O.S.
So what we need to do besides creating batches of answers we need to put the S.O.S token or at least
a unique integer encoding so as to go in at the beginning of each of these answers inside each batch.
And that's two things we will do in this tutorial.
Create the batches and then adding the S.O.S token.
So how will we add this.
So as still going at the beginning of each answer of each batch.
Well since we need to keep the same size for all the answers you know using the bedding Well what you'll
do is actually take all these answers inside batches and remove the last column of these answers.
We will remove the last column.
We will take the rest of it.
That is the beginning up to the last column except the last column and then we will make a concatenation
to add the start of string tokens at the beginning of the target in the batches.
So that's why at some point in this total we will make a concatenation.
All right so let's do this let's make this function we're going to make a function that for any targets
we'll make the special format and therefore the name of the function we are going to create is going
to be print pro says underscore targets.
All right.
And obviously this preprocess target function is going to take the targets as input because it will
return the pre-processed version of this target.
So at the end this function will return the targets in the right format.
That is in two batches and where each target answer will start with the S.O.S token.
Or at least the key identifier encoding.
So as tokin So Target but then it's going to take other arguments you might guess which ones will need
it.
There are two of them.
Well first since we'll need to get the unique identifier encoding.
So I still can.
We're going to take first our dictionary word to it because this is the dictionary that maps the tokens
to integers.
So that way we'll get the unique and fire of the as so as token.
And then of course the third argument is obviously the batch size because we need to choose a batch
size for the size of the batches of targets we will create.
That's the third and final argument and now we're ready to define what this function has to do.
So first of all what we're going to do is get the left side of the concatenation.
Remember if I get this again
in each batch let's say for example the batch size is 10.
So a batch would be a batch containing all these answers here.
Well for this batch and every other batch the left side of the concatenation will be a vector of 10
elements only containing the S.O.S tokens.
And more precisely the unique identifiers including the verso as tokens and the right side of the can
get nation will be all the 10 answers in this batch of answers.
But except the last column because we don't want to get the last token we want needed for the decoder.
So we take all these answers but without the last token ID because these are the IDs of the tokens.
So what we'll do to make that function happen is first create the left side of the concatenation which
is a matrix of bodged size lines and one column filled with the unique and fires including the S.O.S
tokens.
And then we'll make the right side of this concatenation which will be the target answers in the batch
except the last token identifier of these answers of all the answers in the batch.
And then since we'll have the left side and the right side we'll make the can get anation.
All right so let's do it.
I hope it's clear I'm going to close this and let's make the function.
All right so we said we're going to take care of the left on this side first.
So it's just an arbitrary name I choose for a variable which will contain the left side of the concatenation.
And so this left side as we said is supposed to contain a matrix or a vector of batched size lines and
one column containing only the IDs.
So as tokens.
So how can we get that.
Well we will make that with tensor flop.
So I'm taking tenths of flow here and the function by turns to prove that this is the fill function
because basically we want to fill a matrix with the IDs of S.O.S tokens.
So it's fill then parenthesis because it's a function.
And so this function will take two arguments.
The first argument is the dimensions of this matrix that we have to put in square brackets.
And so where are these dimensions.
Well you've got this the number of lines is going to be the batch size so batch size for the number
of lines and then the number of columns is going to be 1 perfect.
So that creates the Matrix.
Now we need to fill it with the IDs of the S.O.S tokens.
And speaking of feeling yet that is the key word.
The second argument is about the second argument is what we want to fill this matrix of dimensions but
size and one with.
And what we want to fill it with is the unique identifiers and coding the as so as tokens.
So let's get this.
How do we get this.
Well we have to use our word in the dictionary.
So we take our word to inte dictionary and in square brackets we hit enter the key identifier and remember
the word in dictionaries dictionary that maps the word to their unique integer identifiers and therefore
the key need in here is the token that we have to put in quotes.
And that token is of course the S O S token.
Perfect.
So this gives us the left side of the concatenation.
We have a small warning here just telling us that we just create a local variable that is not used yet
but we will use it in the concatenation.
And so now we're going to make the right side of the concatenation which I remind is all the answers
in the batch except the last column because it is not needed for decoder.
So right side and to get this right side that is the answer is without the last token.
Well we're going to use another function by tent's flow that will do exactly what we want.
And that is called the stride its life function.
So I'm getting a sense of flow here and then that and then I'm going to get this Stryder slice.
There we go.
This one function.
So what does this function do.
Well it basically extract a subset of a tensor.
So the tensor is going to be our targets.
And from this target we'll make it extract everything except the last column read through this the first
argument is as we can see here the input.
But more precisely it's the tensor from which we want to extract something.
So that's our target.
Then the next argument is the beginning of the Streitz life that is from where we want to start the
extraction.
So that's going to be from 0 0 that is the upper left side of the tensor.
So 0 0 0 then the next is the end that is up to where we want to make that extraction and so be careful
that's where it's important to get this right.
Because the end has to be well first the batch size because we'll want to take all the lines we want
to include all the lines but we don't want to include all the columns we want to take all the columns
except the last one.
And the trick to take all of them except the last one is to add here minus 1 so that it will take all
the lines because the number of lines is the batch size right.
The best size is the number of lines in the batch and the minus one here will make sure to get all the
columns except the last one which is OK because it's the last token which is not needed by the decoder
the decoder will start the decoding by looking at first the star of string and mostly the context returns
by the encoder.
But then it will not use the last token.
So with this we have exactly what we want that is our answers without end so perfect and then is there
less argument.
Well yes we have to specify the slide what we call the slide which is by how many cells we want to slide
when doing the extraction.
And since we want to get all the tokens in the answers except the last ones.
But all of them before and for each line of the batch.
Well the trick to get all of them is to use a slide of one cell by one cell and to do this we enter
it this way.
1 1 in square brackets.
All right and that gives us the right side of the concatenation.
Now that's great.
We are ready to make that concatenation and to make this we're going to use the concat function by tens
of flow but the concat function will return exactly what we want.
That is the pre-processed target in the right format.
So I'm going to introduce a new voice will here that I'm going to call pre pro SEST underscored targets.
All right.
And this will be what we want.
And what will be returned by the concat function by of flow.
Right now we need to take tens of flow then the concat function.
And in parenthesis we need to input two arguments.
The first argument is a couple which contains the left side and the right side at the concatenation
and the second argument as we see is the axis which is the axis along which we want to make the concatenation.
So if we want to make a horizontal concatenation the axis will be one.
And if we want to make a vertical concatenation the axis will be zero.
And since here we want to make a horizontal can get a nation will have to input access equals one.
But first let's input the couple that we have to put in square brackets.
And so the couple very simply is composed of the left side there is this matrix of Bachche sized lines
and one column filled with the IDs of the S-O as tokens.
And the right and this court side which contains all the answers in the batch of the same batch size
of the same number of lines but without the last token that is without the last column and so there
we go we have our first argument here and now let's put our second argument which is the axis along
which we want to make the concatenation and we want to make a horizontal concatenation which is encoded
by one.
So we need to put access equals one here and perfect.
We now get our pre-processed target.
But let's not forget to return them because this function is supposed to return the right format.
That is the right data structure of the targets in two batches and containing the S.O.S token at the
beginning of each answer.
All right.
So let's do this return print pro SEST and the core targets and there we go congratulations dysfunction
is over and the warning is just gone.
All right.
So let's select these lines and execute.
Wonderful.
We have our function and now great news.
We are ready to create finally the encoding layer and the decoding layer of our set to morrow.
So we'll start by carrying the encoding there in the next tutorial.
And until then and depend on P.